README.md, before:

# Swinburne Technology Application Group Project Backend

This is a simple Express application for Techaway

## Prerequisites

- Node.js: v20.11.0
- npm: v10

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone git+https://github.com/longphung/swinburne-tech-app-backend.git
```
3. Install the dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```
4. Copy the `.env.example` file and create a new `.env.local` file:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```
5. Update the `.env.local` file with your configurations:
   - `PORT`: The port number where the application will run. Set 8000 for default
   - `LOG_LEVEL`: The level of logs you want to see (e.g., debug, info, warn, error). Set to 'info' for default, or 'debug' for more logs

6. Start the application:
```bash
# Development mode
npm run dev

# Production mode
npm start
```

## Project Structure

- `index.js`: The entry point of the application.
- `src/loggerMiddleware.js`: Contains the middleware for logging HTTP requests and responses.
- `.env.example`: An example configuration file. You should create your own `.env` file based on this example.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Commit message:

ritvik/userloginauth (#2)
* user login

* ✨ Refactor code structure to improve readability and maintainability.

* userschema

* ✨ feat: reconfigure

* ✨ feat: setup db connection

* ✨ feat: update phone schema

* ✨ feat: setup auth endpoint

* 📚 docs: update env configs

* ✨ feat: setup log dir

* ✨ feat: install nodemailer

* ✨ feat: setup email service for development

* ✨ feat: add joi

* ✨ feat: add refresh token table

* 📚 docs: update doc

* ✨ feat: add issue token function

* ✨ feat: integrate auth services

* ✨ feat: finish singup and confirm email

* ✨ feat: implement login

* ✨ feat: implement refresh access token endpoint

* ✨ feat: add forgot-password

* ✨ feat: add cors

* 🐞 fix: resolve xss

* ✨ feat: add healthcheck

* 🔨 refactor: remove cookie usage

---------

Co-authored-by: Ritvik Thakur <ritvik.thakur96@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Swinburne Technology Application Group Project Backend

This is a simple Express application for Techaway

## Prerequisites

- Node.js: v20.11.0
- npm: v10
- MongoDB: v7.0

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone git+https://github.com/longphung/swinburne-tech-app-backend.git
```
3. Install the dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```
4. Copy the `.env.example` file and create a new `.env.local` file:
```bash
# Local development
cp .env.example .env.local
```
5. Update the `.env.local` file with your configurations:
   - `PORT`: The port number where the application will run. Set 8000 for default
   - `LOG_LEVEL`: The level of logs you want to see (e.g., debug, info, warn, error). Set to 'info' for default, or 'debug' for more logs
   - `DB_URI`: The URI of the MongoDB database
   - `DB_NAME`: The name of the MongoDB database
   - `DB_USER`: The username of the MongoDB database
   - `DB_PASS`: The password of the MongoDB database
   - `SMTP_HOST`: The SMTP host for sending emails
   - `SMTP_PORT`: The SMTP port for sending emails
   - `SMTP_SECURE`: The SMTP secure connection for sending emails, 1 for true, 0 for false
   - `SMTP_USER`: The SMTP username for sending emails
   - `SMTP_PASS`: The SMTP password for sending emails
   - `SECRET_KEY`: The secret key for generating JWT tokens

6. Start the application:
```bash
# Development mode
npm run dev

# Production mode
npm start
```

## Project Structure

- `index.js`: The entry point of the application.
- `src/loggerMiddleware.js`: Contains the middleware for logging HTTP requests and responses.
- `.env.example`: An example configuration file. You should create your own `.env` file based on this example.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
